minor fixes of some Web Audio API articles (#15694)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/pannernode/index.md

---
{{ APIRef("Web Audio API") }}

> The `PannerNode` interface is an audio-processing module that represents the location, direction, and behavior of an audio source signal in simulated physical space. This {{domxref("AudioNode")}} uses right-hand Cartesian coordinates to describe the source's _position_ as a vector and its _orientation_ as a 3D directional cone.

Reviewer: I know that it was there before, but _module_ may have specific meaning in JavaScript. So let's use another word.

```suggestion
The `PannerNode` interface defines an audio-processing object that represents the location, direction, and behavior of an audio source signal in a simulated physical space. This {{domxref("AudioNode")}} uses right-hand Cartesian coordinates to describe the source's _position_ as a vector and its _orientation_ as a 3D directional cone.
```

- {{domxref("PannerNode.setOrientation()")}} {{deprecated_inline}}
  - : Defines the direction the audio source is playing in.
- {{domxref("PannerNode.setVelocity()")}} {{deprecated_inline}}

>   - : Defines the velocity vector of the audio source — how fast it is moving and in what direction. In a previous version of the specification, the {{domxref("PannerNode")}} had a velocity vector that could pitch up or down {{domxref("AudioBufferSourceNode")}}s connected downstream. This feature was not clearly specified and had a number of issues, so it was removed from the specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Defines the velocity vector of the audio source — how fast it is moving and in what direction. In a previous version of the specification, the {{domxref("PannerNode")}} had a velocity vector that could pitch up or down {{domxref("AudioBufferSourceNode")}} objecs connected downstream. This feature was not clearly specified and had a number of issues, so it was removed from the specification.
```

Reviewer: Fixed, sorry.
